Add comment about menu badges (#447)
octobercms/docs: plugin-registration.md

                // its side menu counters
                'counter'     => ['\Author\Plugin\Classes\MyMenuCounterService', 'getBlogMenuCount'],
                'counterLabel'=> 'Label describing a dynamic menu counter',

>                 // Set badge to a non-numeric value to override the counter value. Can be set on side menu items as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                // Optionally you can set a badge value instead of a counter to display a string instead of a numerical counter
```

Author: That's the line I was looking for but couldn't find it 🤣
